1. User Opens The App
They land on the Home Screen. They see:

A clean dark Adobe-style interface
A prominent input bar at the top that says something like "What campaign are we building today?"
A grid of recent campaign cards below it showing past generated campaigns with product name, region, and date
A top nav bar with Home, New Campaign, Domain selector, and Data upload

Nothing overwhelming. It feels like opening Adobe Express or Firefly.

2. User Starts A Campaign
They have two options here:
Option A — They type naturally into the input bar:
They write something like "Create a campaign for Dove Shampoo in Brazil targeting women 25-40." The app reads that and pre-fills the form fields automatically using the LLM. Feels smart and fast.
Option B — They click New Campaign button:
Takes them straight to the brief form with empty fields to fill manually.

3. User Sees The Brief Form
A structured form appears with these fields:

Products — they add at least two (e.g. Dove Shampoo, Dove Body Wash) with an Add/Remove button
Target Region — a dropdown with markets like Brazil, Japan, USA, Germany
Target Audience — a free text field (e.g. "Women 25-40")
Campaign Message — a text area (e.g. "Feel fresh every day")
Language — auto-suggested based on region but editable
Upload Assets — optional. They can upload an existing brand image here, or skip and let AI generate everything

This is the only data entry moment in the entire flow. Once they hit Generate, they don't need to fill anything else.

4. User Hits Generate — Loading Screen Appears
Instead of a blank spinner, they see a live step-by-step progress screen that shows exactly what the pipeline is doing:
✅  Retrieving brand guidelines from knowledge base...
✅  Analyzing Brazil regional trends...
✅  Checking legal constraints...
⏳  Generating creative concept...
○   Creating hero image...
○   Resizing for 3 formats...
○   Applying text overlays...
This takes roughly 15-30 seconds. The live steps make it feel purposeful, not broken. There's also a one-liner from the AI describing what it's creating, like "Designing a vibrant lifestyle scene for Brazilian young women..."

5. User Lands On The Canvas — The Main Experience
This is the heart of the app. The canvas appears with a Blueprint — a collection of blocks auto-generated for their campaign. They see all of this on one scrollable screen:
Block A — Creative Strategy (text)
A paragraph written by the AI explaining the creative direction. Why these colors, why this tone, what cultural signals were used for Brazil. The user can read it or ignore it.
Block B, C, D — The Three Images
Three image cards side by side showing:

1:1 format labeled Instagram
9:16 format labeled TikTok/Reels
16:9 format labeled YouTube/Facebook

Each image has the campaign message overlaid on it in the correct language. Each card has a small AI Cursor button in the corner.
Block E — Ad Copy
Shows the campaign message in both English and the localized language (Portuguese for Brazil). Two lines, clean and simple.
Block F — Compliance Check
A small panel with green checkmarks and yellow warnings:

✅ Brand colors detected
✅ Logo present
⚠️ Word "guaranteed" flagged as potential legal issue

Block G — Suggested Next Steps
Action buttons at the bottom suggesting what to do next:

Generate for Body Wash
Try Japan market
Export all assets
Run full legal check


6. User Interacts With The Canvas
From here the user has total freedom. Three things they can do:
Thing 1 — Click the AI Cursor on any block
A small popover chat appears floating over that specific block. They can type things like:

"Make this image darker and more moody"
"Rewrite the ad copy to be more playful"
"Flag any other legal issues in this text"

Only that one block regenerates. Everything else stays the same. No full page reload, no re-running the whole pipeline.
Thing 2 — Click any image to expand it
Takes them to a full-size Image Detail screen showing the image at full resolution with its dimensions, format label, and two buttons — Download this image or Regenerate this format.
Thing 3 — Click a Next Step suggestion

If they pick "Generate for Body Wash" — the form re-opens pre-filled with the same region and audience but a new product, and the pipeline runs again. A second Blueprint appears on the canvas below the first one. The canvas grows.
If they pick "Export all assets" — a ZIP file downloads organized by product and aspect ratio.
If they pick "Run full legal check" — the compliance block expands with a more detailed report.


7. User Exports And Done
When they're happy they click Export All from the next steps or the top nav. A ZIP downloads with this structure:
campaign_brazil/
  dove_shampoo/
    1x1.png
    9x16.png
    16x9.png
  dove_body_wash/
    1x1.png
    9x16.png
    16x9.png
That's the complete flow. Start to finish, a user who knows what they want can go from opening the app to having 6 ready-to-post ad images in under 2 minutes — which is exactly the point of the assignment.